Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snig.
For New York One, Nancy Lu.
That day I was in the Bronx at Bronx Municipal Hospital,
and I saw the tiniest babies I had ever seen.
And these babies were the size of my hand.
They were absolutely tiny and just holding on to a thread of life.
But there is a new program going on in the Bronx,
and they're training neonatal nurses to be able to take care of these infants.
It's encouraging.
New York One, because there's only one New York.
This morning, we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated from our class on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized,
We're late.
We're gonna miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus, we figured we were aces.
We were long.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Yeah.
Follow that bus.
Which is cool.
Those famous people never do homework.
It's amazing fruit.
It's called amazing fruit.
Presenting the one and only fruit-bearing gummy bears.
Amazing fruit.
Made with real fruit juice.
Amazing fruit is so fruity, you can hardly bear it.
Tropical flavors too.
After 50 years, Tom and Jerry are coming to theaters
in their very first major motion picture.
Why not share the fun with your family?
It's Tom and Jerry the Movie.
Rated G, starts Friday.
So you think you got a handle on the breakfast thing, right?
Not unless you're eating honeycomb.
Yeah, listen up.
I got something to say.
I love this honey sweet taste so much,
I can eat it by the handful.
You had a problem with that?
I made your munchin' honeycomb night in the day.
Cravin' honey sweet crunchin', eatin' every way.
What he's trying to say is that he can't eat his honeycomb
and talk to you, right, guy?
This is in the shape, gentlemen, that's not cool.
Jammin' honey sweet taste, you know I'm no fool.
Don't you get it?
The taste is in the shape.
Part of this complete breakfast.
And now, today's traffic report from Super Mario Kart.
It's a real race out there today, folks.
People are driving like animals.
A turn-blank split in two in a turtle shell
is making travel impossible for one motorist.
Rear view is some block.
Two-player split-screen action.
You've never been in a race like this.
Super Mario Kart, only for the
Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
No wonder the best play here.
Welcome to Snake, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
on Monday morning.
Crime doesn't pay, but the only people
who don't listen to that advice are the criminals.
Take stealing, for instance.
People keep doing it and they keep getting caught.
In 1671, a guy named Thomas Blood
dressed up like a person and stole the crown jewels
right out of the Tower of London.
He got nabbed pretty fast,
and both he and the jewels ended up back in the tower
for safe keeping.
During World War I, a dancer named Mata Hari
was the hottest date in Paris.
She stole a lot of French guy's hearts
and a lot of war secrets along with them.
Until someone got wise to her sticky fingers.
And today, one Clarissa Darling joined their ranks.
Okay, here's how it happened.
I was out shopping this afternoon with Jody,
just, you know, trying stuff on.
Then they announced the store was closing,
so I got dressed really fast.
My daddy was realizing I was still wearing it.
I walked right out with it.
Without paying, I stole it.
It was an honest mistake, you say.
Just tell your parents and take it back,
which would be okay, except how do I explain the it?
What's this?
It was a moment of madness, but it looks so totally cool.
So Madonna asked, he's all the time,
once you wear anything at all.
But for me, underwear is kind of a private thing,
and not so showy.
I mean underwear. Who sees it anyway?
But this? This was obviously meant to be seen.
Hey, maybe this is gonna be my new look.
Maybe I should bounce it off Mom.
Maybe she'll say, hey, keep it.
Wear it to parties. Yeah.
Mom, can you come here a sec?
I should probably test the waters first.
What is it, dear?
Oh, nothing much. I just saw something I liked.
You know, for my birthday.
Your birthday was last month, Clarissa.
Well, I know you like to shop ahead.
I thought I could use one of these.
A bustier?
I think that's a little old for you.
But what about this camisole with the pink rose buds?
Oh, these days of the week,
underwear, you always love those.
Sure. That would be swell.
Forget, Mom.
What's gonna tell Dad?
Looks like telling Mom times two.
For a vermin? Be real.
And as for walking into the store
to get to some strange salesperson,
no thanks.
I know. Sam.
Not tell Sam.
Hi, Sam.
I could tell him about anything.
Anything but this.
Hey, Clarissa. Want to go rollerblading?
Rollerblading? Rollerblading.
Um, I can't go rollerblading.
I mean, not that I can't go rollerblading.
It's just that rollerblading's not good.
I mean, not that rollerblading's not good.
It's just that it's not good now for me today.
Is something wrong?
Wrong? What could be wrong?
I don't know. You just seem kind of keyed up.
Well, the truth is...
The truth is I had four rupees
and cotton candy at the mall,
and I'm still buzzing.
Been there. We'll see you later.
Later, Sam.
New plan.
Maybe I'll just forget about the boosty
until I'm old enough to wear it.
Like, say, when I'm 45.
We've got a problem. Do the letters B-Y-O
mean anything to you?
Oh, no, not Dad's annual.
Bring your own building convention.
Yeah, I think this year one of us, the older one,
one of us should tell him we don't want to go.
They'll never let us stay home alone overnight.
Not if you don't ask.
Well, maybe it won't be so boring this year.
Have you forgotten the egg and tea square race?
And the talent and the developer.
The thing along.
Janet! Oh, kids. Oh, good. You're here.
What is it, dear?
I just finished my new model for the B-Y-O-B convention.
And, uh, I want it your opinion.
Okay? Ready?
What do you think?
Well, it's just wonderful.
Stupendous.
Yeah, great, Dad.
But, uh, what is it?
I mean, other than a beehive?
Don't be dense.
Like you know. Of course I do.
It's, um, well, this is...
Well, it's, uh,
it's a munitions factory.
Oh, don't be silly.
It's a, uh, um,
a low-cost housing project.
Is it one of those places where you can bold
do your laundry and eat ribs at the same time?
It's a mall, people.
Come on.
Oh!
Now, each little square on the honeycomb,
that's a different store.
Oh, that is so clever, Marshall.
Thanks. Well, I hope it's a hit at the convention.
Uh, Dad, about the convention,
you know we love your work, really.
But Bergus and I were thinking
that maybe this year we could
stay home. By yourselves?
Oh, I don't know, kids.
We wouldn't really be alone.
I mean, there's tons of people in the neighborhood.
And we could always call someone.
You and Mom could use a night of romance.
A second honeymoon. A dream vacation.
Please.
Well, yes, I guess the convention
is kind of technical for you, kids.
It's way over our heads.
Well, do you think we can trust him to stay out of trouble?
Absolutely, Dad.
We wouldn't do anything we could get arrested for.
Right, sis? Sure. We're not gonna get...
All right.
If you think they're ready,
all right then. All right.
Come on, let's go update that emergency phone number list.
Oh, good idea.
Yes!
Yes! Yes!
This is the window of opportunity I've been looking for.
What are you talking about?
Oh, with Mom and Dad away,
and I can throw a party.
Like anyone will come?
Oh, they'll come. I've got the invitations in my drawer.
Just gotta fill in the date.
Popularity here, I come!
Took Ferg right a whole millisecond
to abuse Mom and Dad's trust.
But who am I to talk?
I mean, what would they say if they knew about
a certain article of clothing?
I better be careful to keep my underwear under wraps.
We want to discuss the trip.
Now, here's the list of emergency phone numbers.
The neighborhood crime watch,
the state police.
What's the matter, Mom?
Couldn't find the number for the FBI.
I think that's a bit much, Clarissa.
Oh, better safe than sorry, as I always say.
You know, criminals are on the loose everywhere.
The tailor's garden homes got stolen
right out of their front yard.
Not the little guys in the red coats.
They're the ones.
That burns me up.
I mean, what makes people think
they can just walk off with other people's property?
I don't know, Dad.
You know, I've read that stealing
gives the criminals ego a boost.
A boost?
Well, anybody who steals for an ego boost
should get busted.
Busted?
Boosting leads to busting.
That could be a very effective anti-crime slogan.
Yeah, or you boost it, you're busted.
Or just bust the boosters.
Which do you like, Sporton?
They're all great, Dad.
So, did you buy everything you need for the trip?
I think so.
I saw the shirt and I just had to get it.
Oh!
It is so cute.
You don't like it?
Like it? I love it.
It's just that I
duck myself on a pen.
It hurts.
Oh, be careful, dear.
Oh, Marshal, we should lease some money for emergencies.
$50 should do it.
We better get packing.
The Lomans are gonna be here bright and early to give us a lift.
Oh, Marshal, are you sure we shouldn't drive ourselves?
Well, why waste the gas?
And Lou Loman knows more knock-knock jokes
than anybody I've ever met.
Uh-huh, that's my point.
Yes, $50.
This will be the greatest party ever.
What party?
My party, birdbrain.
You mean people actually wanted to come?
Everybody wanted to come when I told them
it was gonna be unshaperoned.
Look, Ferguson, I don't think the party's a good idea.
What do you mean?
Well, I just don't think we should take advantage
of the cross.
But I have to have this party.
Look, I'm in charge and I'm responsible for what happens here.
Sorry, party's off.
You're not gonna get away with this.
I'm going to...
What? Tell Mom and Dad?
I don't think so.
Now, don't you have a few phone calls to make?
I hate to ruin the Frig Boy's feeble attempt
at a social life.
But parties mean people.
And if anyone finds the goods,
the party's over for this girl, big time.
Why do we feel guilty when we get away with something?
Why don't we feel like dancing?
Guilt is powerful stuff.
In Edgar Allen Poe's story, the telltale heart,
a guy kills an old man
and buries him under the floor.
Then he starts hearing the old man's heart beating
louder and louder
until he goes totally crazy and confesses.
Not that that will happen to me.
I mean, I've got a much cooler head.
What's the deal, fungus face?
I think the real question is,
what's the deal with you?
You know, I almost bought your mom and dad
goodie-goody trust us story.
Almost, but then I realized
something else was going on.
What are you talking about?
Oh, just this sweet sister.
You've been acting a little weird lately.
Weirder than usual.
Jumpy.
Nervous.
And sweaty palms.
Get out, you rodent.
If I didn't know better, I'd say you were acting...
guilty.
Would you do this?
Sneak out after dark?
Start smoking cigarettes?
Whatever it is, I'll find out.
And then I'll be your shadow.
Your worst nightmare.
You already are my worst nightmare.
Now move it!
Mom and dad provide a certain amount of protection,
but tomorrow they'll be gone,
and then I'll get to the bottom of this.
You okay?
Hi, Sam. Sure, I'm fine.
I just saw a spider.
I'm not afraid of spiders.
Oh, yeah. How about a cockroach?
You guys don't have cockroaches.
We don't?
No, look, Clarissa. Why don't you tell me what's really wrong?
Nothing was wrong, Sam.
You're obviously hiding something from me.
Why would I be hiding something from you?
Would it make any sense at all for me to be hiding
something from you?
Okay, Clarissa, fine.
Where are you going?
I'm not hanging out with someone who can't trust me.
You know where you can find me when you decide you want to talk?
Jeez.
Sam's never been mad at me before.
Not really.
And all for a piece of lingerie I didn't even want.
Something has to be done.
Alright, you.
This means war.
That's Kirby.
He's cute.
You cross him.
Then he's one tough cream puff.
Kirby's adventure, new on NES.
The Net Burge Nickelodeon
Knicks on every day
It's the place that kids come on
It's the place where kids stay
When the school's on to looking for action
You can turn to Knicks shows every day
It's the one place you'll get satisfaction
It's got
Faggots
That's Nickelodeon
And it's on every day
The Partridge Family
The ordinary American family
Doing chores, going to school
Plains sold out rock and roll concerts
Of their chart busting hits
The Partridge Family is a family like none other
Traveling the country in a strange painted bus
Strange?
You're calling my family strange?
Well...
Don't put that drumstick up your nose
Prove to the Partridge Family
7 Central on Nick at Night
You're watching
And now, back to Clarissa
Explains it all
Okay, here's what's been happening on the
Boosty A front. I tried forgetting it
I tried hiding it
But finally I realized there's nothing I can do
But get rid of it
First I tried to mail the thing back
But I'm a little short of cash this week
And the post office wouldn't take an IOU
Then I returned to the scene of the crime
And casually tried to toss it back in the store
The place was revolving doors
Then in a desperate moment
I actually thought about turning myself in
The only salesperson I could find was the perfume lady
One squirt of lilac musk
And I couldn't breathe, let alone speak for hours
I don't want to just destroy it
But why is it destroying me?
Clarissa, we're leaving now
Okay, Dad!
And now for a feet worse than jail
A weekend alone with a fur-guisle
Do we really need all this stuff?
I mean, it's just an overnight trip
Well, you know what they say
You need to pack as much for one night as for two weeks
Who says that?
The luggage industry
Oh, now Clarissa, you have the money and the phone numbers
One more thing
Take my keys in case you lose yours
Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute
Are you sure you want to leave her all of your keys?
Oh, the car keys
It's the Romans!
Come on, Dad, let me give you a hand with these
Oh, thanks
Okay, now be good sport, huh?
Okay
I can't seem to get this off
Oh, just leave it
I'm sure she won't take out the car
Will you sport?
Of course not
Well, okay
Now, no junk food and no fighting
All right?
Sure, Mom
Have a good time with the Romans
Hey, Janet, knock, knock
Oh, no
Who's there, Lou?
How's the sign?
How's the sign? Who?
How's the sign this condition, any better?
Oh, whoa
You're killing me
I don't know
How long have I waited for this moment?
Maybe all my life
Wow
The car's mine
All mine
Why do I feel so miserable?
When you can enjoy a joy ride, something is seriously wrong
Looks like this guilt thing has got me stuck in neutral
Ah, well, sis, alone at last
Don't start with me, bird breath
Start with you
I wouldn't want to start with you
I just thought you might want to talk
What do you mean?
Oh, come on
We both know you're in some kind of trouble
Maybe I could help
I don't need your help
Fine, fine
I just thought I'd offer
Since we both know my intellect is, well, superior
To plankton
Says you, but then you're the one with the problem
I don't have a problem
Okay, you just give me a call when you need me
Yeah, like you can get rid of it
Aha
What?
You said it
So what?
Well, what is it?
Is it an object?
Is it bigger than a bread box?
There's no it
Do you have it here?
No
So you wouldn't mind me checking your room for it
Open up
You can't find a whole weekend in there
No, go hurt yourself
This is great
Now, the Ferdinanders got me cornered
I better hole up here for a while
Hold up
Did I just say hole up?
This is great
Now I'm even starting to think like an outlaw
Just like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
Or Jesse James
What's happening to me?
The Boostier kid
Sam?
Is there not any silk?
He's clothed
I hate that nickname
Put the underwear in the bag and nobody gets hurt
Who's never gonna wait with this kid?
Sooner or later they're gonna catch up to you outlaws
In their dreams
Come on, Stockings
Let's blow this snake oil stand
I don't know where we went wrong
She was always such a sweet girl
It's all my fault
I should have never given her her own pony
No, I should have seen the warning signs
She always loved her baby pantaloons with her ruffles
Can you people just leave us alone?
People of Deadwood
To restore my family's honor
And to make it safe for all law-abiding citizens
To buy unmentionables again
I swear
To bring in my sister, the Boostier Kid
Dead or alive
Thank you
The Boostier Kid
And stop talking, Sam
They're cheesecloth
I'm pleased here, flowers
No, you won't
Party's over, kid
How much more of this I can take?
Berg's about to beat down my door
I've got the house practically in myself
And where am I spending the weekend?
Locked in my room
I can't even steal a family car with a clear conscience
I'm a mess
Only I could talk to someone
Stockings? I mean, Sam, it's me
I'm ready to talk
All right, ready?
Let's see it
Well?
Well? Well what?
I've been watching MTV since I was in kindergarten
What am I supposed to do, faint?
Sam, this isn't underwear in a music video
This is underwear
In my drawer, next to my socks
That I wear
Now that you put it that way, I get it
See why I've been acting so crazy
What's going on in here?
Look, Ferguson, I can explain
Is that yours?
Mine? Oh, well it's, uh, no, it's, I mean
What's the use? He's going to find out anyway
No, it's not mine, but I kind of stole it
You stole it?
That's it, now Ferguson knows
Now mom and dad are going to know
And everyone at school is going to know
And the whole world is going to know
Are you crazy?
Like I want the whole world to know
My sister pinches French underwear
That gets out of school
I'll never live it down
Then you won't tell mom and dad?
Are you kidding? We've got to get rid of that thing
Yeah, the question is how?
Maybe someone could bring it back
And say they found it in the parking lot
Don't look at me
Sam? Sorry
Yeah, I guess I can't ask you to do
What I can't do myself
You know it's funny
It was so easy to get it out
But now it's so hard to get it back in
What's it?
What?
I'll just wear it back in
I'll wear it in
Leave it in the dressing room and walk out
You really think that'll work?
What if someone gets suspicious?
Sam, do I look like someone who has anything to hide?
All right, the quiz is clear
Sure, I feel so naked in this thing
Totally sure
Hurry up, before someone sees
Okay, let's do it
I can't believe we pulled that off
No one even suspected
It went just like clockwork
I hope you learned your lesson
We're home
Hi
Oh, boy
So, how was the convention?
I'll laugh a minute
And my beehive mall was the main attraction
Oh, and guess who won?
Bobbing for gum erasers
Two years in a row
Here we go, and Dad
How did you get along here?
Great, right, Ferguson?
Super
And here's $50
We didn't need any of it
And here's the car keys
I think you'll find it in one piece
See, now I told you there was nothing to worry about
I guess we can leave you in charge more often, Clarissa
Sure, anytime
Oh, I brought you kids a little something
A skyscraper hat
How quaint
Isn't it a hoot?
It's a hoot
Oh, and Clarissa, I saw this in a lingerie shop
And just had to get it for you
Oh, thanks
Aren't you going to open it?
Sure
Girl keeps boyfriend in bottle
Lips flap at meat market
Cindy Crawford's mole ripped off
These snick headlines
And some hip hop too
Are straight ahead at the roundhouse
So stay on the big old couch as the snickin' continues
First explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon studios
At Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida
Hey, good to fly
Bob's fruity pebble cereal
Part of this nutritious breakfast
Now a limited edition Flintstones comic book
Free on mock boxes of pebble cereal
An introduction to Bedrock Shop
On every pebble box
You can get all the stone age stuff free
Just mail in proofs of purchase
Plus postage and hand length
Nickelodeon presents the continuing story
Of the kid who accidentally swung over the bar
And became Inside Out Boy
We join our hero as he faces his greatest challenge
Girls
Hi
Hey, you're that Inside Out Boy
Call me I.O.B
So, like, what are your superpowers, I.O.B?
Well...
Do you have super breath?
No, but I do have minty fresh breath
Smell
Do you have x-ray eyes?
Nope, but I can turn my eyelids outside in
Look
Gross
I thought you were different
I am
Wait
We're going to be late
You are late
All passes, please
Sorry, no pockets
Inside Out Boy
He's got what it takes to impress a girl
Guts
For more adventures, keep watching Nickelodeon
You are my girl
Yes, girl
I'm surrounded
Oh
You're surrounded
We're having a happy night
Whenever my life gets us going down
Chances are you missed the American Revolution
Here now is how it began
About to watch his favorites
Saturday Night
Headman's Apainment
Payment presenting the war is theirs of the house of round
What's my buttocks what's my buttocks who ye my finger we interrupt this program to bring it to you the declaration of independence
When in the course of human events to become necessary for one people to get me to that point
Give me liberty or give me death. That's better
One thing for certain the fight for independence is always a struggle, especially if you're a kid
Well, I can't believe the mindless garbage you kids watch these days. Oh, I almost forgot studs is on
Hey, I was watching that listen as long as you live under my roof. You'll watch what you're told fine
Then i'm running away. Yeah, whatever be back by supper
Elections welcome to another edition of run away with the young and disgruntled the daily critical young jimmy flight for parental serenade
Dear mom and dad you'll never see me again. I hate you. I hate you
I hate you
love jimmy
We got up with young jimmy beneath this shrubbery literally dozens of feet away from his own garage
Once home to the possum in the peel bug this begonia is the perfect runaway hideaway jimmy
You swore never to return what provisions of your run along
Well, I've got an army man a box of juice and some milk pods
Hey, that's jimmy what young man now you get off of this program and go straight to your house
Oh, no, it's a caviar nightmare as the young hooligan is whisked away from my fabulous show
Oh, I'll take his place. Sorry missy. This isn't lifestyles of the plain and predictable
The plain and predictable sure. What's wrong with that?
Well, but you've always been the rebel. Well, not always. Well, sure you have just look at this flashback
We're innocent, but they were locked in the pen the play pen is
A
I've got a plan. I've been saving up something special
Well that guy they call dad comes in to change me. I'll drill all over him and you can make a run for it
But I'm gonna report my soul. I'm three two films in wine or ammo coming soon to a living room near you
Enjoyed the flashback. See you later
Sure jimmy. Hey dad, can I watch tv? Did you do your homework clean up your room? Uh-huh
Wash my bonneville, re-single the house and develop a roomy cotton brief that's breathable yet supportive
Yes
Wow
This gets good
First came rescue 9-1-1. Then came Beverly Hills 90210
Now schlock's television presents rescue 90210
It was a day like any other day for Brenda Walsh yet a day
She would never forget a typical morning Brenda headed off for school at her usual way until
Brenda luck telly's wearing your exact same
Fortunately, Brenda had the presence of mind to call rescue 90210
Rescue 90210 is taking your location in the nature of your emergency place
I'm at West Beverly High and Kelly and I are wearing the exact same outfit. Help me, please
But in a minute the response team was on their team
Quick check your colors
Hadn't
You can get me something in a roster of malls, stat
To rescue 90210 you saved my life and opened my eyes to an exciting new line up of false fashions
Plain and predictable. There you are, honey, but so am I and look how exciting my life turned out to be
Excuse me while I go give your father a foot bath. Oh, no, no, no, no, I don't want to take a bath. No, I hate bath
Honey now bath time can be playtime with new whirlpool
The bathtub device that turns your own natural gas into a whirling spa
And whirlpool comes with a can of beans to get you started
Hey, this is great and it's environmentally safe
Whirlpool it's a gas
Uh-oh, I think I'm out of fuel. Well, you can finish up later. Dear. We're having cabbage for dinner
Now live from a fake high school someone a lot in Beverly Hills
It's time for the finals of the torii spelling bee hosted and produced once again this year by torii's father
Aaron spelling
Hello. Well, we're down to our last three contestants
Contestant number one is my beautiful lovely daughter tori
And the other two contestants are a couple of goobas who are completely wasting their time
Guba number one spell
What spell
As in when I rolled my lips up in the car window, I said
HMFL GMM
Oh so close
Guba number two
Your word is pneumo ultramicroscopic silica vulcanicone osis
I know you'll cure a m-a-c-r-o-s-c-l-b-i-c-s-i-l-i-c-l-b-o-l-c-n-o-k-o-n-i-l
I'm sorry. We were looking for the old English spelling
And now torii
Your word is
Congratulations, sweetheart. You've just won a brand new note. Well, that's all we have time for today
Join us next time when torii spells nephatism
May and miss lace cooking class of students to learn how to solve
And in talking you learn the importance of the letter safe and how to properly use the spice bar
I hate the letter C. Let's bag the scene and go see a movie
You mean ditch? Oh my parents would yell at me
Hello Cindy Brady
Please even last he wasn't this obedient
And when you decide to get a life we'll be at the mall
Look at me. I'm in eighth grade
But I've lived a life as full as any ninth grader. Let's face it. You're boring
What are you doing here? What are you doing wearing those horns and doing a back jack Nicholson impression?
Don't you know this is one of those cheesy scenes where you wrestle with your conscience
Ah
Just me to do good in the face of temptation
Heck no i'm your dad
Jimmy stop corrupting your sister and get your defiant little buck back to math class
That's my girl boring just like her mother
House and the big orange couch will sneak again after this
Yo, what's up? This is Joey Lawrence here. I've been acting since I was about five
I'm now on blossom and I got a brand new album, but I've never snicked until now
So tonight check out snick and see my brand new video stay forever after roundhouse
Snick Saturday night Nickelodeon. It's a groove thing
Calhoun part of this complete breakfast
Don't tell him I said so
But my brother is totally cool
Totally cool
He can take a yuhu chocolate drink and do this with the cap. I'm working on it
Sorry, dad
But house rules you don't have to sink one to drink one
Yuhu 99 fat free with vitamins and minerals the cool way to do chocolate
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
Welcome to the super mega multi-plex
Three for the horror show, please
That's in theater 229
You take the express monorail all the way around to the concourse
We'll be whisked away to the movies your parents forbid you to see enix. Have a nice day
Good thing. We're not seeing a foreign film. I forgot my passport
The super mega multiplex the only movie to get her large enough to have its own form of government
Can I get a small popcorn and a soda?
That'd be $43
I hear this theater has a great sound system
I help me to shop if you cooperate we'll move you into minimum security
Will you be with other really lame stock puppets caught escaping from their diaries?
Will you the lamb shop making came material harmful to young children or puppets made from baby beauty?
I touch school for this the day's not over. We're going to a conference
Level records presents the most freedom fighting country and western star ever. It's really Nelson Mandela
Freedom and tacos
Africanners make a run for the fodder
Country he's a whore a party tonight
My parents would never let me go
Exactly what better reason you need just so you'll be at my house
Puberty please ma'am here to maintain a little fame justice. What are you doing hanging around with that degenerate?
You know if your folks found out about it
They wouldn't like it one thing bang this and if you don't believe me let's go to the next step for our play
Your brother know the league guitar player from the twitching uvula
He asked me
Oh, do you think mom and dad? Let me go out with him. Yeah, sure
Just as soon as they let you drop out of school and get a tattoo on your butt
You've just met the most handsome man on the planet. He's dangerous. He's rebellious, but thanks to your mom
He's off-limit. He's a disgusting little freak is what he is
Oh, what you need is a way to break in mom. So mr. Right doesn't seem like mr. Wrong
Introducing anything's better than this boyfriend service. These are you guys so nasty. They'll make mr. T look like mr. Rogers
Mom's dad meets scab
You know what's the name is the first skill I dance into farm school
I was a tasty one cool
Now whatever happened to that nice boy who asked you out last week
Oh, you mean the one that calls himself dr. Dung well, okay apart from the smell. He wasn't so bad
Why don't you give him a call? Oh
Well, I guess I could
The big orange couch will sneak again after this
From touchstone pictures
I came back from the dead for you. My boyfriend wanted a pump gas for me. It's missing the clouds first time
I like you johnny and johnny dingles her first love. All right, but she's just a little nervous
Because he's just a little dead your ear fell off. He's a stinking zombie you idiot. My boyfriend's back
Other stuff started falling off rated PG 13 starts friday august 6th at a theater near you
Hi, i'm kody. I like summer because there is no school you can surf all day
Stuff like that you can go swimming
Anything you want. I'm from new jersey. We moved down here because it was too cold up there for the waves new jersey
It's much better than florida's. I'd rather stay down
It's hotter
Much hotter but as many sharks
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
Evening i'll be whistling rimski karsikov's flight of the bumblebee
And i'll also be whistling a timeless classic
The theme from the andy gripper's show
After you. Thank you. Now's your chance. They've got that glazed look in their eyes
Yeah
Hey mom dad
Okay, supposing i met this guy who was really talented and sweet and cute and just happened to
Being a bandit a couple years older and he smoked, you know, um
theoretically speaking
Would you let me go out with him?
No chicken plucking way
Honey, what's your dad is trying to say is
What you don't trust me. Oh, of course we trust you
Well, then you let me go sure
All right, we'd let you drop out of school and get a tattoo on your butt
I told you they'd say that
Well, there's something I have to tell the two of you. I've made up my mind
I'm
Uh
Going over to samantis to do my homework. Bye
You've lied to your parents. You gave him a slip and arranged a secret twist with the man of your dreams
But don't go all with a face like that
Bill rebel, you need bill make-up and clippy of it. That's why pay bonds introducing a line of weather beater cosmetics
Oh, sure. Even if I buy it, my dad will just make me wash it off. Don't worry. It won't come off
Just one application with these easy tears brushes last for years
Listen to this satisfied customer
Trust me. It doesn't come off. I don't put it on right for the very first time. It's okay
Each kit comes with this emergency make-up remover
I'm strong enough to weather the storms of youth not you again
That's right. Mr.
Here in violation of a j-stroke 3705 a paragraph four subsection b
Violation on account of you making up that story about going to samantis is stunning
If you'll excuse me. I have a date going out with a musician, huh?
A bad boy a tough guy an ombre de scuzzo. I'm not chill much. Oh man
You're not going to tell my parents are you well now?
I can't do that. I'm a big one of your imagination designed to make the story go smoothly. Yep
A figment. That's my job
What I do
Well in that case get back Jack. I've got a party to go to
It's easy when you live in a house with no walls or doors. It's a good party, huh?
Listen, there's a lot of smoke in here and these people seem a lot older than we are
I'll leave you two alone. Oh, no, don't go. I don't want to be alone with him
Almost any toothpaste will do when you want to get close, but what about those times when you want to get not so close
Times like these you need new gross up toothpaste
Other toothpastes lead your breath meaty fresh
But gross up gives your breath a lethal combination of rotten teeth and sour milk
And only gross up actually promotes the bacteria that cause bad breath
It's not unwanted advances on context
Thanks for all this. I'm going home. Excuse me. Take him tonight. I can't believe you're leaving because of your parents
It's time you made your own decisions
Uh, well, I think I just did bye
All right people. She's made her decision. Come on now. There's nothing to see
Move along
I think now though maybe I should
Maybe we should let you go to that party
I mean, I guess you're the only one who can decide when you're ready to do certain things
We just have to trust that when it comes time for you to make that decision that you'll make the right one
Thanks
I think I just did what do you mean by that?
We're free to sing song and roll the credits
That's good enough
Yo, Nickelodeon, this is Joey Lawrence. Snick around for my new video stay forever next
Hey, there's nothing like a Six Flags day with your kids
Now there's nothing like the excitement of adventure rivers over 100 great rides and attractions and all
Including the world's largest drive-thru safari
Share the fun today at a theme park bigger than disneyland. Six Flags great adventure. It's not a world away
It's a world of fun dawg
Get these great savings with specially marked cans of coca-cola classic and diet coke
For new york one michael oluni
I did one recently about a guy up in harlem, uh, who owns a shoe store. It's called solemn and iron eagle shoes
He actually makes the shoes here in harlem
And it's kind of a really like the american dream because he came over from jamaica about 10 years ago
Saved all his money worked in a shoe store over here
And then he uh saved his money opened his own place someone might see me along the way and say hey
If he's doing it, I can do it too. He's up in harlem and he's you know getting by and he's doing well
And they love him up there new york one. He made his dreams come true because there's only one
Mr. Radda fun
Did you see that
Humans come and feed these creatures by hand
I tell you we could live like kings here
Come steamson. Let us go and seek the proprietor of this establishment
Hold it. I know what you're gonna say
You're gonna say how weird the two finest examples of monkey flesh that you have ever seen
Oh, yeah, especially cuz I'm a cat
So what do you say?
Mmm. Yoki-doki you boys get the job
This dimpy you've got to know how to talk to this
Look at us dimpy
No longer. Are we lonely house pets? We've climbed the evolutionary ladder
We've been accepted into the world of higher mammals
We've evolved
Aren't you ashamed?
What if another monkey saw that dead blasted speak out of your nose?
Okay
Shame shame steampy
You have to pardon my friend here
He's not as yet accustomed to your sophisticated city monkey ways
Okay steampy
It's time for your evolving lessons
Oh rapture
I'm gonna be a monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey
Okay, if you want to be a monkey you got to learn to act like a monkey
And I've got the know-how because I've seen every Tarzan movie ever made
So watch and learn
All right steampy listen up
Now note the ease with which I swing so nimbly hither and young
Witness as I perform an amazing double somersault and catch myself with my preancel tail
I get the idea
Pre-head style those I tell you being a monkey is harder than I thought
Yeah, my monkey suit is all itchy with vermin in life
Hey, what's a monkey got to do to get some grooming around here?
Say cheetah be a pal and have at these lights will ya?
Go ahead Ren, eat the nice vermin
I don't want to
Show me what you got
It's my favorite old nutshells and preach you gum
Oh
Ducky boys use your monkey y'all. It's every monkey's favorite
Raised fish heads rotten fruit enough. I want to transfer
Next time I raise pigs by y'all
MP and snick will be back after these messages
Fifth graders now we're heroes. It all started when we were separated from our class on a field trip
We're off goofing around when we realized we're late
We're gonna miss our bus. We know if we missed our bus. We'd be toast once we saw our bus
We figured we were aces. We were wrong. How come we don't know anyone on this bus? Because that's our bus
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's. Yeah, follow that bus. Now we're famous, which is cool.
His famous people never do homework
B-show. Because he walked among mortal men
What is his mission? Where can we get a pair of undershorts like his?
Who is this man of toast? And what does he want from us?
What is his dark secret? Shut up. If you ask me one more stupid question, I'll tear your skin off
Disguised as pastor toastman the cool youth deacon
powdered toastman works his day job as a government clerk
Only powdered toastman's faithful assistant knows his dark secret
It's me father, but there's a distress call on your toast tomatron communicator
Thank you my lovely assistant
Will evil never rest
I hope not
Calling powdered toastman, please respond
Come in powdered toastman
Powdered toastman here
I don't know
Cripes I'll get right on it. Leave everything to me. So powdered toastman is off on another day of heroic adventure
Jiminy
Powdered toastman assesses the situation leave everything to me
It's calls for my projectile reason breath. It's another distress call. No time to lose
Danger
Don't make me come in there. Hey, I'm saved leave everything to me
Have a taste of my hyper corrosive croutons archvillain
Hold on buddy. You'll be free in a jiffy
But powdered toastman what about muddy mudskipper?
My gosh, you're right. How thoughtless have me
And hold on wind intensity too strong
Quick man cling tenaciously to my buttocks
All of them
Another distress call
Yes
Leave everything to me
Listen, something's come up
Sorry mac, but I've got to attend to something really important
Hello fellas
What seems to be the trouble?
Leave everything to me. I'm sorry fellas. I almost forgot
My toast particles are dissipating that can only mean one thing a call from washington
Mr. President what seems to be the trouble
I've got in my own zipper
Leave everything to me
Anytime you're ready mr. President
Okay
I'll thank you powder toast man
And thus the president goes into recovery
But what shall happen to america who will run the country leave everything to me
And powdered toast man is sworn into office
I powdered toast man
Do solemnly swear to relieve the american citizens of their basic human rights
Lovely assistants take a letter the letter m
Furthermore, let's hold off the talks with the kremlin until we settle the new three stooges stamp controversy
Personally my vote goes with shemp
Although curly is certainly nothing to take lightly
That'll be all faithful one
Well, I guess that takes care of the day's business
Man, this job is too crissy for me
It's chilly in here. Here's the problem
The fires died down
Let's see. Hmm. We need something dry here
Here's some dusty old papers
That's much better
In curbie's adventure evil king dating stolen dreamland's dreams now curbie's fighting to get him back level by nightmarish level
That's curbie. He's cute
You cross him then he's one tough cream puff curbie's adventure new on nes
Mix that just for you
It's on every day
When others leave you blue mix a place where you will stay that's next to lowly young
every day
Hey guys
Very funny guys
Look how could we forget you only reminded us of zillion times
He did not
We'd never forget your birthday. Dave even has a special story for you. Really? Let's go
I know how much you like magic. So I kind of borrowed one of your magical
Characters, which one?
Sit down my friend and you'll find out
My story is indeed about magic
The kind gary likes
The kind that dazzles and amazes
But it's still strangely real
But the magic in my story is more intense than the kind that comes from incantations or elixirs
It's the kind of magic that comes from inside of us
A magic that can be used for good
Or incredible evil
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story the tale
Of the dark dragon
Where'd you get these?
My dad got them. I know you like them. So I pinched a couple. You're the best
So you go into the dance Friday?
Uh, no
I'm not much of a dance guy. I'm more of a sitting watch guy
Hey, Keith. Hi, Gary. Hey, there's shelly. Whoa
We're having a fight. She says a take for granted
Come on. Let's go. Get it, Keith
Sorry, man. That was rude. Well, that's okay
Keith Saunders was in a bad car crash
It messed up his leg so bad that he'd never walk without a limp
But the accident didn't just damage his leg
It hurt his entire outlook on life
Oh man, I'm sorry. It's okay
I'll get him. No, no. It's okay. I can do it
Sometimes I can be such a klutz
Yeah, me too
So, uh
Are you going to the dance on Friday?
Maybe. I don't know
Gary's being a pain
Well, if uh, you ever need anyone to fill in or anything
You're sweet
Shelly, you can bring out the best in yourself
Have the courage to walk through the doors of sardo's magic mansion
For the potion
Don't just stand there. Come in
Um, is there a Mr. Sour Dough here?
That's Sardo
No, Mr. Accent on the Dough
Ow
What is it?
What can I do for you?
I came for the potion
Yeah, the potion
The potion, the potion
What potion?
The potion that brings out the best in people
The potion, yes. That potion, of course
Silly me
It's right over here
What else does it do?
Oh, the ad said it could make me more confident
It could make me more powerful
Got it
The potion? Oh, why didn't you say so? It's my number one bestseller
Now this is very powerful stuff very powerful indeed
You must only use one drop at a time understand
How much does it cost?
Well, it's very difficult to put a value on just what this will do for you
But if I were pressed, I'd say
40 dollars 40 dollars
All right, 35, but I'm losing on the deal
Thanks just the same
How much you got?
20 dollars
I'll get you a receipt
One, two, three
Uh, KC
You know Keith Saunders?
Yeah
He's my cousin
So you're gonna ask me to sit down?
Yeah, sure
I got a call
Guy yesterday, he ran from your house
What guy?
He was at the charcoal pit, flirting with Shelly
He looks kind of...
It's no one
But I'm sure that I...
Look, let's just walk to school, okay?
Sure
Your cousin, KC, is great
Yeah?
Hi, is he gonna be at the charcoal pit after school?
Uh, if you want him to be
Tell him I'll be there
See ya
You never told me you had a cousin
He's not from around here
So, how did the dramatical test go?
I flunked it
You flunked a test?
It wasn't easy
I mean, a test was hard
Well, is everything all right?
The doctor said it's normal to be a little bummed out to the accident
Dad, I'm fine
Really?
I got homework
Keith
KC, uh, hang on
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah, sure
Yeah, I mean, uh, I think I'm free
Hold on, I'll be over in a little while
Thanks for coming over
Had a really good time tonight
I'm gonna wake up to see you again
How about Friday night?
But that's the, uh...
Dance
I know
Come with me
But Gary
Has he asked you?
No
Well, I'm asking
I... I love to
Terrific
Well, goodnight
Stay in the glow of the couch
And stay tuned
Summer camp
To desperate battle to survive
Salute your shorts
It's cold, but my brother is totally cool
Totally cool
He can take a Yoo-hoo chocolate drink
And do this with the cap
I'm working on it
Sorry, Dad
But house rules
You don't have to sink one to drink one
Yoo-hoo, the cool way to do chocolate and baseball cards
Look for details in your favorite store
Which we trick for you
I'm the fruity troll
Give me a fruity pebble and you can fly
And okay
To the fruity fool
Ready?
Funny
Gotta fly
Bobs fruity pebble cereal
Part of this nutritious breakfast
Now a limited edition
Flintstones comic book
Free on mock boxes of pebble cereal
Then introduce it to Bedrock Shop
On every pebble box
You can get all this donate stuff free
Just mail in proofs of purchase
Plus postage and hand length
Dial it
Now the sneaking begins again
With are you afraid of the dark
Oh, is it tight?
Yeah, it's really tight
And it goes just about surely
Have you seen Keith?
He wasn't in school
No
How about his cousin Casey?
No, but I'll see him tonight at the dance
So tell me more about the dress
This is what you call bringing out the best in somebody
Ah, I must admit it is a bit unusual
What happened to the others?
What others?
You mean?
Frankly, you're the only person who's ever
Want the stuff
What?
I'm sure there's something we can do
Uh, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking
Uh, here it is, here, here, here
Uh, bring out the best
Only one drop at a time, very powerful
I don't know what could have gone wrong
Are you sure you're not taking any other potion?
No, I wish I didn't
What's this?
Oh
Caution, turn page
You mean this more?
Before bringing out the best
One must fight the dark dragon from within
It's funny I didn't notice that
What's the dark dragon?
I'm sure I don't know
But I'm afraid you're about to find out
So what time should I pick you up for the dance?
You never bothered to ask me, Sita
So I'm asking you now
I'll pick you up at seven
I'm going with someone else
What?
It's me, I need to talk
Something's wrong, I know it
Open the door
You need help, Keith
Let me help you
No one can help me now
We try
Just go away, just go
The time during the annual homecoming dance
We award the trophy for the best athlete in school
The envelope, please
And the winner is
Who else?
Gary March, yeah
I'd like to dedicate this award to
Shelly Bergman
I'd just like her to know
She's got the first place in my heart
I'd give anything if she danced the next dance with me
Sorry, Casey
Ask me to dance
I'm a girl who's stared at my face
Mariah, the potion
Isn't it wonderful?
Now you can fall in love with me
What are you talking about?
I could never tell you this before
But I love you
So if you want a pretty girl like Shelly
I'll be a pretty girl
Isn't it wonderful?
Well, nothing's really, it's okay
I'm like, I think I need air
How much did you take?
I drank the whole bottle
No, why did you do it?
I did it for you
You wanted a beautiful girl
Mariah
Keith, what's happening?
It's my fault
I'm the one who's supposed to change, not you
I didn't want to be me anymore
My leg
Grace
I'm sick of it
I can't be normal
People stare at me
I hate myself
I don't hate you
I didn't want this to happen to you
Please don't go
It's you
It's really you
What happened?
I think I beat the dark dragon
I don't understand
It's been inside me since the accident
But it's gone now
The potion did exactly what it said it would
Keith
Mariah, what are you doing here?
I was just taking my girl to the dance
Happy birthday, Gary
Major motion picture
Why not share the fun with your family?
It's Tom and Jerry, the movie
Ray and G
The president delivered his state of the union
He said our future looks bright
With prosperity and classic TV
For everyone on Nic at night
Welcome to Very Very Nic at Night
The only place to be on Saturday night
Stay tuned now for four specially selected
TV classics on Nic at Night